docs: update dependencyDashboard config option (#11352)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/configuration-options.md

## dependencyDashboard

> Starting from version `v26.0.0` the "Dependency Dashboard" is enabled by default via our `config:base` preset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting from version `v26.0.0` the "Dependency Dashboard" is enabled by default as part of the commonly-used `config:base` preset.
```

To disable the Dependency Dashboard, add the preset `:disableDependencyDashboard` or set `dependencyDashboard` to `false`.

```json
{
  "extends": ["config:base", ":disableDependencyDashboard"]
}

> ```

Author: This is copy/pasted from the `key-concepts/dashboard.md` file.
